Improve documentation of tools (#11128)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

Items
=====

> Items are things that can be held by players and stored in inventories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items are things that can be held by players, dropped on the map and stored in inventories.
```

> Items come in the form of item stacks, which is a collection of equal
> items that occupies a single inventory slot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Items come in the form of item stacks, which are collections of identical
items that occupy a single inventory slot.
```

Item types
----------

There are three kinds of items: nodes, tools and craftitems.

> * Node: Placable item form of a node in the world's voxel grid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Node: Place-able item form of a node in the world's voxel grid
```
This suggestion is _really_ arguable, but I figured I'd field it since 'placable' is an existing word that means something else and is pronounced with a hard c.

* Tool: Has a changable wear property but cannot be stacked
* Craftitem: Has no special properties

Every registered node (the voxel in the world) has a corresponding
item form (the thing in your inventory) that comes along with it.
This item form can be placed which will create a node in the
world (by default).
Both the 'actual' node and its item form share the same identifier.
For all practical purposes, you can treat the node and its item form

> interchangably. We usually just say 'node' to the item form of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
interchangeably. We usually just say 'node' to the item form of
```

Tool Capabilities
=================

'Tool capabilities' is a property of items that defines two things:

1) Which nodes it can dig and how fast
2) Which objects it can hurt by punching and by how much

Tool capabilities are available for all items, not just tools.
But only tools can receive wear from digging and punching.

If the tool capabilities are undefined, either completely, or
for a particular node or entity group, the tool capabilities
of the hand will apply. E.g. if you hold a stick that has
no tool capabilities, you can punch and dig with it as if it
were the hand.

Tool capabilities definition
----------------------------

Tool capabilities define:

* Full punch interval
* Maximum drop level
* For an arbitrary list of node groups:
    * Uses (until the tool breaks)
    * Maximum level (usually `0`, `1`, `2` or `3`)
    * Digging times
* Damage groups
* Punch attack uses (until the tool breaks)

### Full punch interval

When used as a weapon, the item will do full damage if this time is spent
between punches. If e.g. half the time is spent, the item will do half
damage.

### Maximum drop level

Suggests the maximum level of node, when dug with the item, that will drop

> it's useful item. (e.g. iron ore to drop a lump of iron).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
its useful item. (e.g. iron ore to drop a lump of iron).
```

purpose. Rating is `1`, `2` or `3`. A higher rating for such a group implies
faster digging time.

The `level` group is used to limit the toughness of nodes an item capable
of digging can dig and to scale the digging times / damage to a greater extent.

**Please do understand this**, otherwise you cannot use the system to it's
full potential.

Items define their properties by a list of parameters for groups. They
cannot dig other groups; thus it is important to use a standard bunch of
groups to enable interaction with items.

Tool Capabilities
=================

'Tool capabilities' is a property of items that defines two things:

1) Which nodes it can dig and how fast
2) Which objects it can hurt by punching and by how much

Tool capabilities are available for all items, not just tools.
But only tools can receive wear from digging and punching.

> If the tool capabilities are undefined, either completely, or
> for a particular node or entity group, the tool capabilities
> of the hand will apply. E.g. if you hold a stick that has
> no tool capabilities, you can punch and dig with it as if it
> were the hand.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Missing or incomplete tool capabilities will default to the player's hand. 
```

List of damage for groups of entities. See [Entity damage mechanism].

### Punch attack uses (tools only)

Determines how many uses (before breaking) the tool has when dealing damage
to an object, when the full punch interval (see above) was always waited

> out fully.

Reviewer 2: The "was always waited out fully" wording bothers me a bit. I'm not sure what the best way to convey this is, but I feel like something along the lines of "assuming the full punch interval (see above) is waited out fully" might flow better, just from being in the same tense as the rest of the sentence?

You'd also have to update the next paragraph in the same way though. I don't know what's actually best here, I just figured I'd mention that it reads odd.

> If the full punch interval was not waited out in fully, the tool receives
> less wear, e.g. if half the punch interval has passed, the tool also
> only receives half the usual wear amount.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the full punch interval was not waited out fully, the tool receives
less wear, e.g. if half the punch interval has passed, the tool also
only receives half the usual wear amount.
```

        damage_groups = {fleshy=2},
    }

> This makes the item be able to dig nodes that fulfil both of these:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This makes the item capable of digging nodes that fulfill both of these:
```

List of damage for groups of entities. See [Entity damage mechanism].

### Punch attack uses (tools only)

Determines how many uses (before breaking) the tool has when dealing damage
to an object, when the full punch interval (see above) was always
waited out fully.

> If the full punch interval was not waited out fully, the tool receives
> less wear, e.g. if half the punch interval has passed, the tool also
> only receives half the usual wear amount.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Wear received by the tool is proportional to the time spent, scaled by
the full punch interval,
```

        drop = "",
        -- Name of dropped item when dug.
        -- Default dropped item is the node itself.
        -- Using a table allows multiple items, drop chances and item filtering.

>         -- Item filtering was undocumented until recently, item filtering by string

Reviewer 2: This isn't fully within the scope of the PR, but would you be willing to do something about the "until recently" in here? I have hangups about seeing documentation dated like this, especially when 'recently' was in fact 2 years ago.

    {
        type = "toolrepair",
        additional_wear = -0.02, -- multiplier of 65536
    }

> A special recipe that allows 'repairing' of tools. This will add a shapeless
> crafting recipe for *every* tool (except those with the `disable_repair=1` group)
> with two tools of the same type as the input and a tool with modified
> (usually reduced) wear in the output.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Two tools of the same type without the `disable_repair=1` group can be combined
to a single tool in a shapeless recipe.
```
The sentence after will explain what the recipe does and what it's good for.
